README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋
I am Game Dev, Buisness Developer, and Programmer. I also, like to play video games on the occasion.

## About Me

I have wide verity of Skills in different programming langauges such as HTML, JavaScript, Lua and Luau, and C#.

I also have skills commonly used in Game Development such as 3d Modeling using Blendor, UI Design, Project Managment, and Monetization.

### Experience

I have 4 years of Roblox game development.

I have 1 year of Unity game development.

## I'm Currently Learning

## Currently Working On

## Past Work

## Ask About Commisions

### Collaboration
I will only do commisions on Roblox. I can do anything from Scripting, UI, and some 3d modeling.
### Hours
I am open from 5-7pm on weekdays and 1-8pm on weekends.
### Pay
For anything Over ⏣1000 or $15 is **_HALF UP FRONT PAYMENT REQUIRED._**

<ins>**_Scripting_**</ins>

**⏣300-⏣900 | $5-$10** Simple things like UI, Bug Fixing, Small Systems, or if I can get them done quickly.

**⏣1500-⏣15,000 | $15-$50** More complicated things like Full Systems like Data Saving and Managment, Combat, Montization, Item/Shop System, 

**⏣20,000-⏣100,000 | $100-$200** For Obscure, Complicated, or even Entire Game Scripting such as Physics Based Mechanics (Car System, Gliders, exc..), Full Games (Simulators, Roleplay, exc..),  

<ins>**_UI Design_**</ins>

**⏣100-⏣700 | $5-$10** Simple UI design such as Inventory, Shop, Stats, and anything simple. _For a Small Fee of **⏣250 or $5** I will script all the UI._

**⏣900-⏣1,500 | $10-$15** More complicated UI such as Loading/Start Screens, Specialized/Obscure UI Screens, Special Effects, or full UI. _Also, I can script the UI for **FREE**._

<ins>**_3d Modeling_**</ins>

**⏣500-⏣1000 | $5-$10** I will only create simple 3d Models such as Swords, Trees, Rocks, Guns, exc. _For a Small Fee of **⏣250 or $5** I will Texture the Assets._

## How to Reach Me

## Fun Fact
<!--
**099ersf2/099ersf2** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README with portfolio and commission links
Added links to Roblox portfolio and commission rates.

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋
I am Game Dev, Buisness Developer, and Programmer. I also, like to play video games on the occasion.

If you are looking for My Roblox Portfolio Go Here:

If you are looking for My Commision Rates Go Here: [Pay Rates](#Pay)

## About Me

I have wide verity of Skills in different programming langauges such as HTML, JavaScript, Lua and Luau, and C#.

I also have skills commonly used in Game Development such as 3d Modeling using Blendor, UI Design, Project Managment, and Monetization.

### Experience

I have 4 years of Roblox game development.

I have 1 year of Unity game development.

## I'm Currently Learning

## Currently Working On

## Past Work

## Ask About Commisions

### Collaboration
I will only do commisions on Roblox. I can do anything from Scripting, UI, and some 3d modeling.
### Hours
I am open from 5-7pm on weekdays and 1-8pm on weekends.
### Pay
<a name="Pay"></a>
For anything Over ⏣1000 or $15 is **_HALF UP FRONT PAYMENT REQUIRED._**

<ins>**_Scripting_**</ins>

**⏣300-⏣900 | $5-$10** Simple things like UI, Bug Fixing, Small Systems, or if I can get them done quickly.

**⏣1500-⏣15,000 | $15-$50** More complicated things like Full Systems like Data Saving and Managment, Combat, Montization, Item/Shop System, 

**⏣20,000-⏣100,000 | $100-$200** For Obscure, Complicated, or even Entire Game Scripting such as Physics Based Mechanics (Car System, Gliders, exc..), Full Games (Simulators, Roleplay, exc..),  

<ins>**_UI Design_**</ins>

**⏣100-⏣700 | $5-$10** Simple UI design such as Inventory, Shop, Stats, and anything simple. _For a Small Fee of **⏣250 or $5** I will script all the UI._

**⏣900-⏣1,500 | $10-$15** More complicated UI such as Loading/Start Screens, Specialized/Obscure UI Screens, Special Effects, or full UI. _Also, I can script the UI for **FREE**._

<ins>**_3d Modeling_**</ins>

**⏣500-⏣1000 | $5-$10** I will only create simple 3d Models such as Swords, Trees, Rocks, Guns, exc. _For a Small Fee of **⏣250 or $5** I will Texture the Assets._

## How to Reach Me

## Fun Fact
<!--
**099ersf2/099ersf2** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
